documentation/testing/performance-testing.md, before:

# Performance Testing

## Lighthouse Testing

### Home Page

![homepage](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-home.png)

### Club Page

![clubpage](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-club.png)

### Product Page

![productpage](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-product.png)

![productpage2](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-product-detail.png)

### Contact Page

![contaactpage](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-contact.png)

## Code Validation Test

W#C Markup Validation Service and CSS plus PEP online and JSHint were used.

### HTML Validation

- Had some issues throughout the site but I feel this is due to Django, issue with forms and div, section tags.

![HTML](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/HTML.png)
![HTML](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/HTML2.png)

### CSS Validation

![CSS](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/CSS.png)

### JHints

I few issues but this is all code from the Code Institute [CI](https://codeinstitute.net/) so I keep it as it is.

![JHints](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/JHints.png)

Commit message:

adding testing for devices and browser.

documentation/testing/performance-testing.md, after:

# Performance Testing

## Lighthouse Testing

### Home Page

![homepage](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-home.png)

### Club Page

![clubpage](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-club.png)

### Product Page

![productpage](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-product.png)

![productpage2](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-product-detail.png)

### Contact Page

![contaactpage](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/lighthouse-contact.png)

## Testing on Devices and Browser

Testing was done on Safari, Chrome, Firefox and Opera. Devices tested on are MacBook, Iphone 11, Ipad mini and Ipad Air 2.

![browser](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/Chrome.png)
![browser2](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/firefox.png)
![browser3](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/Safari.png)
![browser4](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/Opera.png)

Some issues with firefox and safari:

- Firefox is showing increase/decrease issues on the quantity input selector in any page were a user can increase/decrease quantity.
    - This does not affect or ruin the user experience.

- Safari, the background image is not loading up on Club pages but the background is white and the aesthetics still look good so I will just keep this the same.  Image is working on other browsers!

![browser5](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/firefox-issue.png)
![browser6](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/safari-iphone.png)
![browser7](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/safari-ipad.png)

### Devices

![browser7](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/ipad-air.png)
![browser8](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/ipad-air-2.png)
![browser9](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/ipad-air-3.png)
![browser10](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/iphone.png)


## Code Validation Test

W#C Markup Validation Service and CSS plus PEP online and JSHint were used.

### HTML Validation

- Had some issues throughout the site but I feel this is due to Django, issue with forms and div, section tags.

![HTML](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/HTML.png)
![HTML](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/HTML2.png)

### CSS Validation

![CSS](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/CSS.png)

### JHints

I few issues but this is all code from the Code Institute [CI](https://codeinstitute.net/) so I keep it as it is.

![JHints](/documentation/testing/files/performance-test/JHints.png)
